{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 /*! normalize.css v8.0.1 | MIT License | github.com/necolas/normalize.css */\par
\par
/* Document\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Correct the line height in all browsers.\par
 * 2. Prevent adjustments of font size after orientation changes in iOS.\par
 */\par
\par
html \{\par
  line-height: 1.15; /* 1 */\par
  -webkit-text-size-adjust: 100%; /* 2 */\par
\}\par
\par
/* Sections\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove the margin in all browsers.\par
 */\par
\par
body \{\par
  margin: 0;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Render the `main` element consistently in IE.\par
 */\par
\par
main \{\par
  display: block;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Correct the font size and margin on `h1` elements within `section` and\par
 * `article` contexts in Chrome, Firefox, and Safari.\par
 */\par
\par
h1 \{\par
  font-size: 2em;\par
  margin: 0.67em 0;\par
\}\par
\par
/* Grouping content\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Add the correct box sizing in Firefox.\par
 * 2. Show the overflow in Edge and IE.\par
 */\par
\par
hr \{\par
  box-sizing: content-box; /* 1 */\par
  height: 0; /* 1 */\par
  overflow: visible; /* 2 */\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Correct the inheritance and scaling of font size in all browsers.\par
 * 2. Correct the odd `em` font sizing in all browsers.\par
 */\par
\par
pre \{\par
  font-family: monospace, monospace; /* 1 */\par
  font-size: 1em; /* 2 */\par
\}\par
\par
/* Text-level semantics\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove the gray background on active links in IE 10.\par
 */\par
\par
a \{\par
  background-color: transparent;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Remove the bottom border in Chrome 57-\par
 * 2. Add the correct text decoration in Chrome, Edge, IE, Opera, and Safari.\par
 */\par
\par
abbr[title] \{\par
  border-bottom: none; /* 1 */\par
  text-decoration: underline; /* 2 */\par
  text-decoration: underline dotted; /* 2 */\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Add the correct font weight in Chrome, Edge, and Safari.\par
 */\par
\par
b,\par
strong \{\par
  font-weight: bolder;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Correct the inheritance and scaling of font size in all browsers.\par
 * 2. Correct the odd `em` font sizing in all browsers.\par
 */\par
\par
code,\par
kbd,\par
samp \{\par
  font-family: monospace, monospace; /* 1 */\par
  font-size: 1em; /* 2 */\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Add the correct font size in all browsers.\par
 */\par
\par
small \{\par
  font-size: 80%;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Prevent `sub` and `sup` elements from affecting the line height in\par
 * all browsers.\par
 */\par
\par
sub,\par
sup \{\par
  font-size: 75%;\par
  line-height: 0;\par
  position: relative;\par
  vertical-align: baseline;\par
\}\par
\par
sub \{\par
  bottom: -0.25em;\par
\}\par
\par
sup \{\par
  top: -0.5em;\par
\}\par
\par
/* Embedded content\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove the border on images inside links in IE 10.\par
 */\par
\par
img \{\par
  border-style: none;\par
\}\par
\par
/* Forms\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Change the font styles in all browsers.\par
 * 2. Remove the margin in Firefox and Safari.\par
 */\par
\par
button,\par
input,\par
optgroup,\par
select,\par
textarea \{\par
  font-family: inherit; /* 1 */\par
  font-size: 100%; /* 1 */\par
  line-height: 1.15; /* 1 */\par
  margin: 0; /* 2 */\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Show the overflow in IE.\par
 * 1. Show the overflow in Edge.\par
 */\par
\par
button,\par
input \{ /* 1 */\par
  overflow: visible;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove the inheritance of text transform in Edge, Firefox, and IE.\par
 * 1. Remove the inheritance of text transform in Firefox.\par
 */\par
\par
button,\par
select \{ /* 1 */\par
  text-transform: none;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Correct the inability to style clickable types in iOS and Safari.\par
 */\par
\par
button,\par
[type="button"],\par
[type="reset"],\par
[type="submit"] \{\par
  -webkit-appearance: button;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove the inner border and padding in Firefox.\par
 */\par
\par
button::-moz-focus-inner,\par
[type="button"]::-moz-focus-inner,\par
[type="reset"]::-moz-focus-inner,\par
[type="submit"]::-moz-focus-inner \{\par
  border-style: none;\par
  padding: 0;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Restore the focus styles unset by the previous rule.\par
 */\par
\par
button:-moz-focusring,\par
[type="button"]:-moz-focusring,\par
[type="reset"]:-moz-focusring,\par
[type="submit"]:-moz-focusring \{\par
  outline: 1px dotted ButtonText;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Correct the padding in Firefox.\par
 */\par
\par
fieldset \{\par
  padding: 0.35em 0.75em 0.625em;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Correct the text wrapping in Edge and IE.\par
 * 2. Correct the color inheritance from `fieldset` elements in IE.\par
 * 3. Remove the padding so developers are not caught out when they zero out\par
 *    `fieldset` elements in all browsers.\par
 */\par
\par
legend \{\par
  box-sizing: border-box; /* 1 */\par
  color: inherit; /* 2 */\par
  display: table; /* 1 */\par
  max-width: 100%; /* 1 */\par
  padding: 0; /* 3 */\par
  white-space: normal; /* 1 */\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Add the correct vertical alignment in Chrome, Firefox, and Opera.\par
 */\par
\par
progress \{\par
  vertical-align: baseline;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove the default vertical scrollbar in IE 10+.\par
 */\par
\par
textarea \{\par
  overflow: auto;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Add the correct box sizing in IE 10.\par
 * 2. Remove the padding in IE 10.\par
 */\par
\par
[type="checkbox"],\par
[type="radio"] \{\par
  box-sizing: border-box; /* 1 */\par
  padding: 0; /* 2 */\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Correct the cursor style of increment and decrement buttons in Chrome.\par
 */\par
\par
[type="number"]::-webkit-inner-spin-button,\par
[type="number"]::-webkit-outer-spin-button \{\par
  height: auto;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Correct the odd appearance in Chrome and Safari.\par
 * 2. Correct the outline style in Safari.\par
 */\par
\par
[type="search"] \{\par
  -webkit-appearance: textfield; /* 1 */\par
  outline-offset: -2px; /* 2 */\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Remove the inner padding in Chrome and Safari on macOS.\par
 */\par
\par
[type="search"]::-webkit-search-decoration \{\par
  -webkit-appearance: none;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * 1. Correct the inability to style clickable types in iOS and Safari.\par
 * 2. Change font properties to `inherit` in Safari.\par
 */\par
\par
::-webkit-file-upload-button \{\par
  -webkit-appearance: button; /* 1 */\par
  font: inherit; /* 2 */\par
\}\par
\par
/* Interactive\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/*\par
 * Add the correct display in Edge, IE 10+, and Firefox.\par
 */\par
\par
details \{\par
  display: block;\par
\}\par
\par
/*\par
 * Add the correct display in all browsers.\par
 */\par
\par
summary \{\par
  display: list-item;\par
\}\par
\par
/* Misc\par
   ========================================================================== */\par
\par
/**\par
 * Add the correct display in IE 10+.\par
 */\par
\par
template \{\par
  display: none;\par
\}\par
\par
/**\par
 * Add the correct display in IE 10.\par
 */\par
\par
[hidden] \{\par
  display: none;\par
\}\par
}
 